Note argparse exit code in documentation (#119568)
python/cpython: Doc/library/argparse.rst

^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Normally, when you pass an invalid argument list to the :meth:`~ArgumentParser.parse_args`

> method of an :class:`ArgumentParser`, it will print error info and exit with a status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
method of an :class:`ArgumentParser`, it will print a *message* to :data:`sys.stderr` and exit with a status
```
